Senior Python Developer

Acerca del empleo We’re growing fast and are looking for Python Developer professionals at all levels to work on
an exciting international software development project. You’ll work with the latest technologies in our bright,
talented team. The environment at Amdaris is synergistic and supportive, so everyone can build the career they want
in an organization going from strength to strength. Willingness to be part of a team and lead by example is essential.

WE ARE AMDARIS

We bring together the best talent and next-level ideas to create outstanding solutions. With 40% year-on-year
growth every year under our belt over the past four years, we have big plans for the future. Our growth plan is
ambitious and our projects take software to the next level, so join our team in the centre of Chisinau.

PYTHON DEVELOPER RESPONSIBILITIES

The main purpose of the role is to develop and support Python projects and functions, as well as complete specific
client project work and miscellaneous tasks. This role involves using established work procedures to analyse, design,
develop, implement, maintain, re-engineer and troubleshoot customers’ applications. Your primary focus will be the
development of all server-side logic, ensuring high performance and responsiveness to requests from the front-end.
As a Python Developer you will be responsible for writing reusable, testable, and efficient code, designing and
implementing low-latency, high-availability, and performant applications. You will have to integrate user-facing
elements developed by front-end developers with server-side logic and implement security and data protection.
The successful Python Developer will have to participate in all phases of the software development lifecycle and
support other developers, implementing software enhancements and suggesting improvements to create high-quality
products that meet customer needs

PYTHON DEVELOPER REQUIREMENTS
Experience with Python.
Knowledge of at least one Python web framework (Django, Flask, Bottle, etc)
Knowledge of SCM Tools (GIT or CVS)
Proven experience in developing web-based user interfaces
Good understanding of server-side templating
Understanding of the differences between multiple delivery platforms, such as mobile vs desktop, and optimizing output to match the specific platform
Ability to create database schemas that represent and support business processes
A keen interest in the latest technologies and a demonstrable desire to push the boundaries of what is possible
Strong unit test and debugging skills
Strong analytical skills and good attention to details
Publicado el 2 oct. 2023.
