Acerca del empleo
CAPCO POLAND



Capco Poland is a global technology and management consultancy specializing in driving digital transformation across
the financial services industry. We are passionate about helping our clients succeed in an ever-changing industry.
We also are experts in mobile, data, frontend, backend and many more... focused on development, automation,
innovation, and long-term projects in financial services.  In Capco, you can code, write, create, and live at your
maximum capabilities without getting dull, tired, or foggy.

We are looking for a Senior Python Developer to join our engineering team at Capco Poland to help us develop and
maintain various software products. Python Developer responsibilities include writing and testing code, debugging
programs and integrating applications with third-party web services. To be successful in this role, you should
have experience using server-side logic and work well in a team. Ultimately, you’ll build highly responsive web
applications that align with our business needs.


THINGS YOU WILL DO

Write effective, scalable code
Develop back-end components to improve responsiveness and overall performance
Integrate user-facing elements into applications Test and debug programs
Improve functionality of existing systems
Implement security and data protection solutions
Assess and prioritize feature requests
Coordinate with internal teams to understand user requirements and provide technical solution


SKILLS & EXPERIENCE TO GET THE JOB DONE

Work experience as a Python Developer Expertise in at least one popular Python framework (like Django, Flask or Pyramid)
Knowledge of object-relational mapping (ORM)
Familiarity with front-end technologies (like JavaScript and HTML5)
Team spirit
Good problem-solving skills, time management, communication skills
Excellent soft skills like being proactive, open-minded, creative
Bachelor / Master in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field Great
English skills (written and spoken)
Banking / consulting experience is beneficial


WHY JOIN CAPCO?

Employment contract and/or Business to Business - whichever you prefer
Possibility to work remotely
Speaking English on daily basis, mainly in contact with foreign stakeholders and peers
Multiple employee benefits packages
(MyBenefit Cafeteria, private medical care, life-insurance) Access to 3.000+ Business Courses Platform (Udemy)
Access to required IT equipment
Paid Referral
Program Participation in charity events e.g. Szlachetna Paczka
Ongoing learning opportunities to help you acquire new skills or deepen existing expertise
Being part of the core squad focused on the growth of the Polish business unit
A flat, non-hierarchical structure that will enable you to work with senior partners and directly with clients
A work culture focused on innovation and creating lasting value for our clients and employees


ONLINE RECRUITMENT PROCESS STEPS

Screening call with the Recruiter
Technical interview with Capco Hiring Manager Client Interview Feedback/Offer
