Acerca del empleo
Experience Remote done Right. With over 20 years of remote experience, all 500+ staff are 100% remote and we still grow vibrant relationships, and provide exceptional opportunities for career growth while working with stellar clients on ambitious projects


What we're working on:

Enterprise companies turn to us to help them launch innovative digital products that interact with hundreds of millions of customers, transactions and data points. The problems we solve every day are real and require creativity, grit and determination. We are building a culture that challenges norms while fostering experimentation and personal growth. In order to grasp the scale of problems we face, ideally, you have some exposure to Logistics, FinTech, Transportation, Insurance, Media or other complex multifactor industries


Requirements:

7+ years experience in a senior developer role; ideally, you have delivered business-critical software to large enterprises
4+ years hands-on experience with the Django framework
Previous experience with Django rest Framework will be advantageous
Ability to craft new API specifications and develop to provided specifications
Ability to think about long-term maintenance when creating or making changes
English fluency, verbal and written
Professional, empathic, team player
Problem solver, proactive, go-getter


This position is 100% remote. Contract hiring is over C2C - Overlap with EST timezone will be required.





Why Clevertech is an amazing place to work at

At Clevertech, you can expect that you will:
Be 100% dedicated to one project at a time so that you can hone your skills, innovate and grow
Be a part of a team of talented and friendly senior-level developers
Work on projects that allow you to use cutting-edge tech. We believe in constantly evolving your mastery


The result? We produce meaningful work and we are truly proud and excited to be creating waves in an industry under transformation.


Job is 100% Remote, please make sure you have a comfortable office set at your desired work location.