Acerca del empleo
Who WE Are


BEN labs connects global brands to consumers through the power of popular entertainment. From the world-leading product integration platform, to the global leader for rights clearances and representation ( Greenlight ), to the best in class Influencer channel optimization solutions ( TubeBuddy ), BENlabs helps elevate projects, amplify brands, and captivate audiences. Our team is global, with offices in Los Angeles (headquarters), New York, London, Shanghai, and Provo.


At BENlabs, we recognize that our employees are the key to the company’s success and work hard to maintain our incredible company culture. While BENlabs is a well-established organization and a recognized industry leader with a rich history of integration and licensing success stories, we have not abandoned our start-up mentality. BENlabs continually evolves branding strategies through artificial intelligence and predictive modeling to meet the unique needs of our clients. To that end, BENlabs is results-oriented, client-centric, and highly creative organization which offers candidates the opportunity to learn from the best and the brightest in this dynamic industry. BENlabs offers a competitive benefits package and promotes an environment which supports our core values of Passion, Accountability, Teamwork, Inclusion, Balance and Empowerment.


Who YOU Are


Do you have an affinity for technology? Are you an experienced back end developer with a passion for optimization, high growth and marketing techniques? Are you always looking for a way to improve and enhance how things are done, discovering ways to squeeze out that extra 5%? Can you configure 3 APIs to work harmoniously together? Can you A/B test a funnel or website flow and work with stakeholders to drive big results? Are you just as happy in code as you are talking about churn, profit and click through rates? Do you thrive on empowering and enabling productive teams, projects and driving big results? If you want to work with a highly talented, diverse, and motivated team with great camaraderie, this could be your dream job.As a Senior MarTech Engineer, you would be joining an extremely successful company, comprising the very popular TubeBuddy YouTube plugin, as well as our Product Placement and Influencer marketing offerings. Your role would be to help our marketing department make the most of the amazing product and services we offer and help every potential customer get to the right destination and result. Your day-to-day would be working with the marketing team, but you are also part of the wider technology group. Your average day could see you working with your business stakeholder partners, internal engineering resources or 3 rd party contractors – all pushing towards that same goal of growth. This position is available as fully remote or located in one of our US offices, if you prefer.


Responsibilities


Work closely with our marketing teams to drive measurable results
Take on complex problems, provide solutions and best practice which can scale beyond just your immediate team
Launch, measure and optimize metric-driven flows, campaigns and experiments across our websites, emails and e-commerce platforms
Work with a range of technologies and platforms to deliver results
Be the technical partner and developer for your cross-functional team, as you implement Build/Measure/Learn cycles
Be a point of contact for 3rd party vendors and contractors, to help scale out your impact and teams’ ability to deliver
Integrate 3rd party SaaS/API solutions with our platforms and other SaaS solutions to solve business needs
Stay on top of the latest technologies, services and trends in the growth and marketing industry
Ship weekly if not daily
Always look for improvements


Qualifications And Skills


3+ years of experience in MarTech or similar roles
3+ years of experience working with WordPress on high traffic and high conversion websites
5+ years of back end software development (.Net, PHP, NodeJS etc), some front-end software development experience (HTML, CSS, JS etc) is also expected
Extremely comfortable using and integrating with marketing teams and software needs / SaaS such as Google Tag Manager, Segment, tracking pixels and similar
Solid knowledge of current web, e-commerce and marketing technologies and trends
Passion for best practice with your code and a desire to develop innovative new ideas
Comfortable with modern software development practices (Git, Jira, Scrum etc)
Good understanding of SEO/SEM and the mechanics of funnels, conversions and sales
Previous experience in a SaaS/Subscription product company’s or Influencer marketing and product placement (a strong plus)
An understanding of YouTube, Twitch, Instagram its creators and the creator communities (a plus)
Most importantly - An inquisitive mind, someone who enjoys learning and having success as a team


$130,000 - $160,000 a year


In addition to the expected range listed, this role will be eligible for an annual bonus. Actual pay will be adjusted based on experience and location.


Don’t meet every requirement listed? Studies show that women and people of color are less likely to apply for jobs when they don’t meet every requirement. At BENlabs, we are committed to building a diverse and inclusive community, so if you think you could crush this role, even without all the listed qualifications, please apply! You may be exactly who we didn’t even know we need.
Publicado el 17 jul. 2023.